run-make: add some basic docs about the test suite's setup (#126087)
rust-lang/rust: tests/run-make/README.md

# The `run-make` test suite

> The `run-make` test suite contain tests which are the most flexible out of all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `run-make` test suite contains tests which are the most flexible out of all
```

Author: Fixed

the [rust-lang/rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust) test suites. `run-make`
tests can basically contain arbitrary code, and are supported by the
[`run_make_support`] library.

## Infrastructure

> The implementation for collecting and building the `rmake.rs` recipes (or

Reviewer 2: Maybe one sentence that describes that there are two types of runmake tests would be useful.

Author: Explained that there are two kinds of run-make tests.

`Makefile`s) are in
[`src/tools/compiletest/src/runtest.rs`](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/src/tools/compiletest/src/runtest.rs),
in `run_rmake_v2_test` and `run_rmake_legacy_test`.

### Rust-based `run-make` tests: `rmake.rs`

The setup for the `rmake.rs` version is a 3-stage process:

1. First, we build the [`run_make_support`] library in bootstrap as a tool lib.
2. Then, we compile the `rmake.rs` "recipe" linking the support library and its
   dependencies in, and provide a bunch of env vars. We setup a directory
   structure

   ```

>    test_specific_build_dir/

Reviewer 2: I would mention that this directory is inside `build/<target>/test`, so that people can find the directory and take a look at what's inside when a test fails.

Author: Added the `build/<target>/test/run-make/` path.

       rmake.exe              # recipe binary
       rmake_out/             # sources from test sources copied over
   ```

   and copy non-`rmake.rs` input support files over to `rmake_out/`. The
   support library is made available as an [*extern prelude*][extern_prelude].
3. Finally, we run the recipe binary and set `rmake_out/` as the CWD.

> [`run_make_support`]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/tree/master/src/tools/run-make-support

Reviewer 2: I would use a relative link to `../../src/tools/run-make-support` here. It then works both locally and on GitHub.

Author: Adjusted to use relative link.

# The `run-make` test suite

The `run-make` test suite contains tests which are the most flexible out of all
the [rust-lang/rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust) test suites. `run-make`
tests can basically contain arbitrary code, and are supported by the
[`run_make_support`] library.

## Infrastructure

There are two kinds of run-make tests:

1. The new `rmake.rs` version: this allows run-make tests to be written in Rust
   (with `rmake.rs` as the main test file).
2. The legacy `Makefile` version: this is what run-make tests were written with
   before support for `rmake.rs` was introduced.

The implementation for collecting and building the `rmake.rs` recipes (or
`Makefile`s) are in

> [`src/tools/compiletest/src/runtest.rs`](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/src/tools/compiletest/src/runtest.rs),

Reviewer 2: This link could also be relative.

Author: Changed link to be relative.

in `run_rmake_v2_test` and `run_rmake_legacy_test`.

### Rust-based `run-make` tests: `rmake.rs`

The setup for the `rmake.rs` version is a 3-stage process:

1. First, we build the [`run_make_support`] library in bootstrap as a tool lib.
2. Then, we compile the `rmake.rs` "recipe" linking the support library and its
   dependencies in, and provide a bunch of env vars. We setup a directory
   structure within `build/<target>/test/run-make/`

   ```
   <test-name>/
       rmake.exe              # recipe binary
       rmake_out/             # sources from test sources copied over
   ```

   and copy non-`rmake.rs` input support files over to `rmake_out/`. The
   support library is made available as an [*extern prelude*][extern_prelude].

> 3. Finally, we run the recipe binary and set `rmake_out/` as the CWD.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Finally, we run the recipe binary and set `rmake_out/` as the working directory.
```
Just to make it a bit clearer :)

Author: Avoided using CWD abbreviation.
